example of install code (#14498)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/rainforest_eagle.markdown

  required: true
  type: string
install_code:

>   description: The Install Code that is printed on the bottom of the Eagle.  Use the full Install Code with no spaces (ex: 1a2b3c4d5a6b7c8d)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "The Install Code that is printed on the bottom of the Eagle. Use the full Install Code with no spaces (e.g.: 1a2b3c4d5a6b7c8d)"
```
